After United Scandal Delta Offers of up to $10,000 to Passengers Who Give Up Seats on Overbooked Flights

United Airlines has had a rough year. Scandal after scandal, from being accused of causing the death of a passengers dog, to banning children wearing tights to board a plane due to inappropriate attire, the brands name has taken a beating with the general public, and its investors have lost millions after the most recent scandal involving Doctor Dao, a passenger who was beaten and bloodied then dragged out of a plane after refusing to give up his seat on an overbooked flight to accommodate United staff.  While United may be feeling the heat- comedians have had a field day using United as the butt of many jokes and other airlines are jumping at the chance to capitalize on the airlines bad luck. Airlines from across the globe have sent out cheeky tweets at Uniteds expense.  We are here to keep you #united Dragging is strictly prohibited  pic.twitter.com/CSjZD7fM4J  Royal Jordanian (@RoyalJordanian) April 10, 2017  I think @SouthwestAir has a new motto that beats any #NewUnitedAirlinesMottos. @united should be ashamed of the actions taken yesterday. pic.twitter.com/xLQDI4spTu  Daryel Jay (@DaryelJay) April 11, 2017  However, one airline is taking it a step above to scoop up customer weary of using United in future. Delta has now announced that they are airing the maximum amount pf compensation staff can offer flyers.  As the Daily Mail Reports:  They arent dragging their feet! Delta is giving airport employees permission to offer passengers up to almost $10,000 in compensation to give up their seats on overbooked flights. Deltas move comes as United Airlines struggles to recover from images of a passengers forced removal from a sold-out flight. In an internal memo, Delta says gate agents can offer up to $2,000 in compensation, up from a previous maximum of $800, and supervisors can offer up to $9,950, up from $1,350. United has faced a vicious nationwide backlash after video of a bloodied Dr. David Dao, an internal medicine specialist from Kentucky, being dragged out of an airplane was posted to social media and quickly went viral. The situation was spurred by an overbooked flight, after United said it needed a passenger to give up a seat, but none agreed to for the amount of vouchers offered.  If you were boycotting United Airlines already- is the new incentive by Delta enough to convince you to book with them in future? What do you think the continuing repercussions of continued press United is receiving in regards to their poor treatment of its passengers? Tell us your thoughts in the comments section below.  (Article by Tasha Sharifa)  Share this Article: